on Sunday we started the day early to go
to church Mar was going to Mass on a
Sunday for the first time in his life
and we were both going to play the organ
for the first time in our lives the
problem is neither of us knows how to
fight a friend and professional organ
player Shane Murphy invited us to play
at his church and the community received
us with open arms
you could try playing the organ the goal
for today was simple try to figure out
the basics of the organ and attempt to
play a song while the church was still
full but first we had to watch and learn
from the master himself
Shana's played the organ for 12 years
and taught us the basics before mass
started
we then excitedly partook in mass and
finally it was our time to shine
every single person in that church
walked right out as amar and I started
to play except for one person chosen who
stayed the whole time and absolutely
loved it
thank you on a relatively calm and tired
day and with the help of Shane we're
still crossed off an awesome item off
our list and we're ready for the next
challenge see you tomorrow
I was going to do it